meet Fufu
Hunter welcome to topid casts today
we're going to be watching Fufu playing
as the lovely pretty glowing warlock
over here and he's going to be facing
stoned elf boy quite a
vet quite a veteran Lord commissar
player I mean we are going back many
many years when talking about Stone elf
boy not the best Lord commissar around
even if he is a veteran
probably Floyd skill tier what that
means to you I don't know it's going to
be variable to each person to many of
you viewers who don't play the game that
would be a very good player to some of
you who have participated in tournaments
it may mean something a bit more precise
but let's see how it's going to go must
have known the matchup here Fufu not
opting for any banshees on this map
could to be going for triple Guardians
initially good map for the elar fighting
IG because you've got these annoying
tank traps and I always
say tank traps are the bane of IG
because they rely on the Sentinel early
on to break a lot of cover but the
Sentinel cannot Crush tank traps so it
is uncrushable green cover which is
fantastic when you want to deal with the
IG and not bleed too much Guardians
right here though not in cover getting
shot by the multiz of the Sentinel and
some L guns as well from the Guardsman
comar is going to be engaging here this
looks like a terrible engagement for
stone sorry for Fufu a good engagement
for stoned bleeding the gasman quite a
lot over
here okay I'm just going to retreat the
gsman there probably would have been
wise to disengage the gsman send them to
cap this wck rotate the Sentinel down
and around to get the pork on the
Warlock primarily
a little too committed and now the
Guardians are B basically pushing off
this Sentinel this Guardian Squad needs
to be careful though could get wiped by
the comei you got to respect the pistol
DPS on that commissar 17 DPS with his
pistol is the highest sidearm DPS by any
Hero by default in the game and yeah
that Guardian gets out with 10 HP 7 HP
and one of those pistol shots missed
yikes that's cutting it way too close
first shuriken is going to be coming out
for Fufu only just getting a generator
now that seems a little lame no jens's
for stoned which is a mistake as well
he's floating massively could have
kishan Devils coming out already if he
wants
them Kish are a funny one they'll beat
Guardians one-onone on the sidelines and
IEDs are very effective but Rangers
being so cheap by default now as well as
having that Doom effect they can be
quite good just with shuriken
pistols long rifles as well will put a
lot of pressure onto the
Sentinel and that can mitigate a lot lot
of the value of the kishan devil
certainly in a big army versus army
fight ulator warlock which is already
coming combined with triple Guardians
it's going to be pretty brutal for
kishan Devils a little Mis micro there
with the commissar getting too close to
a shuri going to be forced off no
upgrades for him yet so I see we've got
the emulator now wants to start dropping
down some more gens I would say you have
a choice do you go fast emulator or do
you go for double shurikens then drop a
gen then get a war gear like the
emulator
so he obviously Fufu here opted for the
emulator it means he's spent more power
initially now he's going to have to drop
more gens but by going for an upgrade he
is lowering his pop and so he's paying
less upkeep so this is nice and
efficient compared to having a so-called
naked warlock but an extra shuriken or
Ranger
Squad now this provides a little bit of
a window for stoned elf Bo to exploit
the IEDs whilst the Elder have no
detection so let's see if he can do that
obviously Fufu should be aware of that
now that he's seen the kishan devils in
play Guardian here not in a good spot
gsman caught them kind of out of cover
okay they found the cover they should be
all right Gman themselves need to get
into cover they have the sergeant on
Route which is very important if they
are going to be doing some sort
of
trading nice there to suppress the
kishin then hit them with the imlet good
damage no Destructor yet though
Destructor going on instead to the
Guardsman on the side is this an IED
really you're going to place an IED so
blatantly okay Gman getting wrecked over
here they never took cover they could
have took covering the bad wire here or
they could have built a concrete block
which would have been even more
effective looks like the Sentinel though
on the sidelines did manage to Route the
guardian weapons team there going to
rotate and try and handle these
guardians Guardians need to get into
cover which they
do but the Sentinels getting repairs and
already kills a model that's about bad
situation for the Guardians yeah they're
going to run to the tank traps cuz
that's green cover not yellow cover like
the barbed
wire not cover though
apparently
wow nice
Destructor cool little onade there from
Fufu so yeah a little bit late on his
third gen there stoned already has his
gen so Stone's econom is looking pretty
good going to be getting to tier two
pretty damn soon actually stoned good at
upkeeping that there Fufu messed up his
economic micromanagement ever so
slightly but he's not going to be
massively behind okay he's kind of
pushing it right now with the Warlock
trying to same play with the green cover
DPS Down The Sentinel but this is so
risky The Sentinel can pursue you in
Retreat can the commas stat is no
couldn't start his melee charge and
start getting some pistol shots that
could be in the end of the Warlock if so
but not going to happen
we must save see if this ID is going to
be
influential not really played on this
map much so I'm not familiar with the ID
positions that looks good oh he didn't
do it oh he didn't do
it I don't know how much line of sight
you get on your IDs now they nerfed the
line of sight so he might have not had
any time to
react if you can't see the enemy
walking you're not going to be able to M
those
players which dramatically weakens the
power of the
IEDs makes them M really good on capping
points where an enemy will stay static
for a very long time or on Retreat point
if you've sort of planned
it let's
see so Stone actually floated quite a
bit there it looked
like cuz he's not that far ahead in Tech
and I felt like he should have been
further ahead G been constantly going
down the sidelines there nice set up
here for the IG flanking with the Comm
go into the shuriken shuriken already
took quite a lot of damage there from an
Old Reliable and a bit of peww from the
s b equipment on these
Guardians there's the destructor ulator
one
two sure can really would have been a
lot better if it was covering the
commissar here finally Fufu reacting and
splitting up his unit but a little bit
slow there the comar is going to get a
lot of
bleeding these Guardians definitely will
want to get their warlock upgrade they
need to be a bit more robust than this
they're bleeding quite a bit ooh range
damage overtime Potential from the
emulator might kill the commissar range
attack there you go gets the commai he's
using the webway gate for the heal as
well check out that healing that one
meate the Las guns quite a lot these
Gman are going to get shut down they
mostly going in for the Decap now they
got to retreat lot of damage on them
and yeah tank traps man absolutely
screws over the Sentinel you can see the
range attacks here with the emulator do
that damage over time and it makes them
actually quite
potent absolute pit in the ass look at
this oh my
goodness so
annoying that he can do this no bleed of
course going for wraith guard first I've
actually totally just got discouraged
with r
guard now that IG don't do Big
attritious Blob fights against you it
kind of makes ra guard feel
[__] storm troopers are on the field
canish and devils are on the field these
are going to be hit and running as is a
frag missile Sentinel and so I'm not
really sure what R guard are going to
achieve the Gman out trading they're
just running around capping and
repairing and the commissar is one of
the biggest threats and he literally is
a counter to the freaking rft
guard so yeah I don't like rft guard I
like going W spiders now um and I also
like picking up a riff Lord I don't like
the Falcon if the sentinel's alive if
the sentinel's dead then I can go for a
falcon
but five missiles from The Sentinel
killing a falcon just feels bad it's so
risky as well with Storm Troopers
potentially grabbing Mel the guns and
then you've got the execute as well it's
just yeah scary I like
RL RL plus W spiders into water
something like that along with a bunch
of fully upgraded Guardians could do
pretty damn
good if they go orens then you can get
more shurikens but usually the enemy IG
would have spotters as well which would
mitigate the shurikens in this case
Stone doesn't have spotters so it might
actually be a decent idea I like that
the rift guard are going in first here
and sort of sweeping the mines they
don't get knocked over and they don't
get suppressed by the mines exploding
unlike Guardians so it's actually quite
effective I'd like to see more webway
gates coming from Fufu as he does get
the red he doesn't have the red right
now that'll be useful to keep healing
these ra guard that's one of the good
things about them they do tank damage
quite effectively here we go triple
Guardians with warlock going to use emom
for more damage Focus firing down the
Cal it has double repairs on it and we
have disruption from the commissar
commissar having the Power sword right
now should do some work rard need to
unload on the Sentinel they're hunting
oh
dear I don't know what they're doing
massively overextending is what they're
doing and they're just going to get tied
up by the love Kar
great
brilliant not very effective is
that oh he's got the sergeant now in
tier two on both the squads okay
interesting huh I've been seeing people
going for the comma and I actually like
that because the comma actually is less
up than the sergeant and the sergeant
basically does no combat DPS but the
commissar is essentially a tactical
space marine sergeant in in power whil
being die last and he gives you the
really nice ability to cancel a retreat
if you get hit by a grenade or something
and you can't get out of it you can hit
Retreat and then uh cancel it for one
gasman which is well worth it so I do
like spending the extra power in tier
two to go for commissars instead of
Guardsman sergeants
THM but Stone has hasn't done that he's
gone for Sergeants he's now getting
double heavy weapons team which seems
absolutely mental I have to assume that
these are going to be Auto cannons
because
well heavy bolters don't suppress RAF
guard who can just walk up and
annihilate them whilst they're set up
and can't Dodge so that would be
weird
um yeah I don't know I find that very
strange to be honest what the heck
double heavy weapons team
that is so weird maybe he expects a
vehicle in which case you can have a
second one for like uh a last Cannon but
I don't I really don't know what the the
purpose of this heav weapons team is
maybe to cover your cental in case the
triple Guardians try and rush it down
again but it's not really that big of a
deal socket Storm Troopers on the
sidelines kind of a no-brainer really
nice DPS and really nice range as well
on these guys infiltration as well no
detection here for Fufu apart from the
very close range detection of Guardian
warlocks and they even have frag
grenades
too using the flare right now literally
just to get line of sight for the for
the Sentinel he wants to push forward of
course Fufu has his Central VP right now
this is a bit of a tricky map in terms
of sorting out the VPS oh we do see
commissars over
here I like
it using his kesar gasman squad for the
side cap so he can Retreat like this and
break if he needs to we took a lot of AE
damage there which was a bit PA probably
should have retreated a little bit
earlier I wouldn't bother executing
these now they've got such low HP
they're not going to be that helpful oh
[__] [__] hell he detected
it oh my God he detected it with the the
wallet leader but he still blew it up on
top of his spiders that's expensive Man
Four W spiders lost there to the I gez
and we do have an auto Cannon where's
the other heavy weapons team yeah that's
a heavy Bolter okay interesting
H
weird yeah I found that a bit sus
probably want the clock Shadows we've
already got
it so that's really good for
the you just get it for the passive St
boosts basically look at how little
damage the Warlock is taking right
now cuz while he has that ability active
he takes 50% less damage
it doesn't even say that there makes
your allies take uh 15% reduced damage
but you take 50% so you can combine that
with dist field and become immune to
damage for a little bit of
time lot of DPS going in Kar though
proing specials can that kill the
Warlock with the damage boost it's
giving the AK St yep assault kit Storm
Troopers do manage to take it out man
these guys are so
good Kad got bionic eye and stubbornness
right now all the focus fire from the ra
guard and the triple Guardians did
manage to take out the Sentinel and the
autoc Canon was routed as well just
going to flank around with the guard I
assume right now they're all damage
boosted thanks to emalon need to be
quite careful with the Storm Troopers
right now actually he's going in for a
frag but if Fufu detects it eh the frag
kind of just missed anyway well what the
hell I was going to say Fufu detects it
he can move into Retreat path and
grenade no he can't he doesn't have any
grenades he never got battle equipment
and he didn't go into melee with the
Storm Troopers until way too late holy
[__] Fufu the warlocks there on the
guardian squads would have definitely
killed those those Storm Troopers he's
nearly got him anyway if he stopped and
focus fired instead of moving for that
whole time he definitely would have
wiped out the Storm Trooper Squad and
that is a
huge what even is it it would have been
a huge victory for Fufu had he killed
the Storm Troopers it's like a huge thow
that he didn't that would have helped
him tremendously
Fufu is the one that's going to be going
to tier three first Gman are back on the
point they're actually getting flamers
mid to late game flamers that's very
weird they're kind of on the wrong side
of the map though for the flamers not
going to be able to put pressure on the
farm really so I'm not I don't really
like that purchase I mean as a combat
weapon against Guardians I guess it's
stronger than Las guns but not by much I
don't think it's worth
it this is nice comar of the bit too
forward right now from the Guardsman so
he's not getting his stubbornness heal
and the spiders will be basically your
best tool to deal with
him man stor Troopers though against
spiders and an auto Cannon too yikes
this is a lot of damage these guys need
to get the hell out of
here so the question is really what is
Fufu going to get in tier
three I kind of feel like it should be a
safe Council
I feel like the fire prism on this map's
really
weak firing lines are honestly
horrendous you can't fire through like
here you can't fire through these walls
either it's really quite a nightmare to
use a tank on this map loads of tank
traps everywhere which you can't crush
and they mess up your path finding but
for the same reasons that tanks are bad
oh that's a good grenade oh
jeez wow not a lot of kills there but
that was a lot of damage definitely
worth fit now all the IG pew pew is
going to be pretty brutal as is the auto
Cannon oh nice though you've got the
heal from the Warlock gate that's good
Focus fire this the uh
commissar shot the a Canon wasn't firing
at the Guardians
earlier as he got the clock Shadows he
does I was wondering he's very
tanky nice gets in the cover still
tanking thanks to the cloak of Shadows
God that's such a good ability against
IG makes seem so so resilient against
range damage and of course it Buffs the
range resist of nearby Eldar as
well yeah just absolutely manhandled the
IG in a straight up trade there I don't
know what this heavy ball to heavy
weapons team is all about I'd understand
if there were banshees and to an extent
it will help deal with C Council oh my
God Wallock no the Wallock died to it oh
dear what was he looking at I don't
know it's kind of not on the ID which is
interesting yeah weird I still hate that
the Elder Guardian warlocks detect mines
it's so
dumb I think SE Council would have been
the shout because they have an aura
which gives everything around them more
damage resistance against ranged flam is
proving very useful
here talk about counter to tank traps
there that is what flamers can
do yeah they're good for one-on-one
fights against Guardians for sure they
will yeah totally mitigate any cover
which is very
helpful yeah get the sear buff up the
range Dr and everything and then you
you've already got spiders right so
that's a snare so if stored gets a tier
three and gets a Leman you have the
snare and you can go for heavy melee
Sears and then you can get shes Wing
accessory for more damage and speed on
your SE with heavy melee and you will be
able to
crush any lemon
R
riffard absolutely annihilating that he
heavy weapons team a bit of a misplay
there from Stone elf to just eat that
like he's going to eat this lucky that
this Rift guard's having a seizure not
attacking that damage should have came
out a lot sooner but poor play from
Stone elf honestly he should have
retreated out before these two fired and
he wouldn't have lost so many models
again don't know what the heavy weapons
team is doing right now he's going to
get wrecked by the ra guard and
obviously it should have been tying up
the the uh well not tying up but you
know shutting down the
Warlock going for a bunker as well
against Eldar is absolutely mental when
RAF guard can destroy this thing so fast
that's good play covers the ra Guard
from the commissar with his shuriken
yeah a wasted flare
basically shaking my head in real life
right now Stone you are embarrassing the
IG players right now with this game
play his micro clearly getting
overwhelmed he's an old gentleman now an
old old gentleman sneaky little flaming
Gman have managed to get down here take
the natural off Fufu I mean Fufu must be
going for an avatar right he's got crazy
resources oh God Gman getting shut down
pretty hard there by rafu
guard this is the one thing RAF guard
can do well they tank right they're very
good at taking piercing shots they are
heavy infantry if they're eating the
assault kit Storm Trooper shots it means
that the spiders aren't that's a good
day for you as a b
spider they claimed a medical bunker
baited into the shuriken
again yeah I'm not sure what St is doing
needs to get tier three he's got a crazy
amount of resources get tier three
[__] he is way ahead on VPS he
has time Fufu now is going for the seers
oh my God he's flirted like crazy for
that he could have got them so long
ago is he pop capped hold on no he's
not I don't know maybe he was when he
had full
squads
confus I would just destroy this medical
bunker if I'm
Fufu you're not going to hold this
position for all this time this is way
too long and this was a stupid idea
attacking his entire Army just with Rift
guard they're tanky but they're not that
tanky for God's sake double gazman Storm
Troopers cishan heavy weapons team okay
you know what I don't dislike this
eldrich oh my God Stone walked right
into it what is he
doing oh my God he sent the [__]
gasman Into the Bunker with the eldrich
on top of it Jesus Christ stoned okay
this is just sloppy all around holy crap
obviously the Gman were inside the
bunker there when it got destroyed by
the eldrich so they just got wiped out
right meanwhile Fufu got super greedy
going for the ulator destruct to combo
with his warlock but he was super low
basically tanking the entire IG Army and
again why is he trying to cap right
there just relax dude stay behind your
shuriken
God these Storm Troopers absolutely
cracked right
now more of these would have been good
for stone instead of all the upgrades on
the Gman for sure but this is the
problem with the IG at the moment this
is how they play they just run around
hit and running you with Storm Troopers
and cish on the side and then flame a g
and side bashing it's so [__] dumb
there's no actual stand there and fight
you and beat you on
attrition I don't know why stone is not
going tier threee he has the resources
for a [__] ban
Blade no no no no no no no no no no no
no no no has he
dropped get out of
here this can't be real why would he be
getting a sental and he just walked the
heavy weapons team in and now he's
building a last turret on his base
no
man and now I'm antic card dude he's
dropped why is this the
replay that I am
casting [__] my
life guys I need high level replays I am
I am desperate so I
think Fufu couldn't quite remember this
replay or something I don't know or
someone else recommended it clearly
Stone just
dropped
um I don't know when he dropped
obviously he needed to get tier
three and get a Leman Russ out to have a
chance and he he might have well he
would have had the time to go for a
Leman into a casakin and I think there
would be an option there Fufu obviously
should have got SE Council a lot sooner
and I think the I think SE council with
a new heavy melee upgrade given that he
had W spiders in t two for the hair wire
I think he'd have been chilling and then
you're the Wallock so yeah you get F
sho's Wing so you can increase the DPS
of your seers by 25% and speed by two
that with a hair wire on a Leman is
going to kill Leman very very very very
fast so heavy Bol with mtic right now
killing
Guardians getting wre by R guard I mean
that's it that's the replay he's clearly
dropped
um yeah I don't know guys if you have
high level or even midlevel replays or
you know of people who have mid-level
replays get in the Discord and submit
them to me because I am in a drought
right now midlevel replays needed
today all right top it signing out
[Music]
a